This is performance measurement for nix.

Each directory named with a number  represents a single measure to be taken.
(e.g., 1/ 2/ ...)
A bench directory may be also named k1, k2, k....
All k benchs run affter all std. benchs. They are meant to install ad-hoc
kernels for measurement.

The script actually running the benchs is runbenchs, which should be run from
cpustart during the machine boot process only if it's found at /cfg/$sysname
That is, include
	test -x /cfg/$sysname/runbenchs && /cfg/$sysname/runbenchs
in your  cpustart file.

It is not meant to start the bench sequence by hand.
To (re)run all the benchmarks, you should run ./Benchs instead.

See 1/ for a template. Copy it to your own and tweak it at will.

To start benchs, run the script ./Benchs in clu, which would
change the boot sequence such that the machine starts to run benchs
(perhaps installing different kernels and rebooting) until all ones
have been run or one has failed.

Each directory must contain:

- kern:	a script used to compile and install a kernel.
 if no such file is found, no new kernel is installed. the current one
 is used. Otherwise, the indicated kernel is installed and the machine
 reboots using this kernel.

- runbench: a script used to run a bench. This is mandatory.

- whichever other files must be available for the benchs to run.

Benchs generate within each test directory whichever files they want.
By convention, repeated times measured get into TIMES, and debug counters
get into COUNTERS. The last line in TIMES reports the average.
Repeated timing is done by Time. See the bench in ./1 as a template.


As a result of running an to control when to run them, these files are
generated:
- koutput:	a file keeping the output for a kern that did run
- output:	a file keeping the output for a test that did run
- FAIL:		an empty file, reporting that a test did fail.


BEWARE that if you install a kernel for a bench then that kernel is used
for all following ones.
As a convention, benchs installing a kernel should be named k0, k1, ...
test 1 installs the std kernel, so that all benchs use the regular kernel.

